Vegan food is expensive. Cavemen ate meat. Giving up meat will make you effeminate. Real men eat meat. If you were on a desert island, would you kill an animal to survive? I can't afford to shop at Whole Foods every day. I was vegetarian for a while and I was so weak and sickly. I felt so much better once I started eating chicken again. PETA actually kills a lot of animals. It's impossible to be completely vegan; you're using a computer screen right now. Where do you get your protein? One could argue that if not for animal agriculture, cows and chickens would have never been born. I only buy free-range eggs from my neighbor's backyard. Lions eat zebras. I would eat dog meat if given the chance. I try to listen to my body and it says to eat the occasional slice of cheese. It seems silly to worry about animals when there are so many orphans. How dare you compare animal agriculture with the Holocaust? I had a cousin who was vegan and he was always making a weird imitation mac and cheese. Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian. I'm sure you'll start eating meat again eventually. Until a chicken can debate morality with me, I'll continue to eat it. If God didn't want us to eat animals, why did he make them so delicious? I could never give up bacon. I could be vegetarian but not vegan. You're just switching from killing animals to killing plants. The whole world is never going to be vegan. Why do you care more about animals than about people? There is a reason that we evolved to have canine teeth. Vegetarian is an ancient Native American word for "bad hunter". My uncle is a farmer and he treats his cows with love and affection. My sister's baby was underweight at birth because of her vegetarian diet. I could never go vegan. But if cooking is not natural, then we cannot cook vegetables or any fruits. If you have decided not to eat meat, why would you eat something that tastes exactly like meat? I could never go vegan because I don't like vegetables. Isn't quinoa one of the best sources of protein? I don't understand how you can be vegan but not eat quinoa. Tofu doesn't taste good. I could never stop eating bacon. I wouldn't be able to get enough protein if I was vegetarian. What would we do with all of the farmland if we didn't raise cows and chickens? Aren't you worried about protein deficiency? You vegans think you're right about everything. My diet is a personal choice and I'll eat whatever I want. You know that harvesting plants kills field animals. Eggs are an important source of protein. Eggs are incredibly healthy and one of the only complete proteins available for humans. I get eggs from my neighbor down the street and the chickens are treated right. I don't have time for pretentious vegan imitation foods. I could never be completely vegan. Soy will cause you to grow man boobs. It isn't healthy for you to eat so much soy. I really can't go on without meat. I can't just eat samosas for the rest of my life. I've tried not eating meat and I swear I just felt tired and unsatisfied and angry that I was still hungry after eating. I think it's healthy for human beings to go out and try killing a chicken. Veganism isn't for me. I raise beef cattle. I have a very close relationship with my cattle. I'm trying to raise a family on the income from my ranch. I will never cut meat out of my diet, climate change or no climate change. You're the perfect caricature of a hysterical, holier-than-thou vegan internet warrior. You think cutting an essential to survival is the correct answer to save the environment. Our digestive system is made to consume meat as well as plants and is required in order to have a healthy diet for the average person. The average person just wants to enjoy life and be happy without taking a bullshit stance just so they can place themselves above other people. I'm a butcher and I only source from sustainable farms within 200 miles and all animals must be pastured with zero confinement. I buy free-range organic and I don't feel guilty. That 80's fear-mongering bullshit you're pushing has nothing to do with today's standards of our meat market. Give me a meat alternative that tastes exactly the same and I'll eat it. I am an avid hunter and only eat the meat that I hunt myself. To play devil's advocate, wouldn't cutting out meat put more strain on farmed crops which in turn destroy more land at a faster pace? I humainly kill my animals as much as vegans humainly kill plants. Dairy is important. Things like lowfat quark, cottage cheese, skim milk and so on are great sources for protein. Also they have important nutrients like calcium or vitamin B2. It seems dangerous that you don't like quinoa. Can you eat potatoes? Can you eat bread? Plants are also living things. Can you eat fish? Vegan? Is that the thing where you don't eat gluten? There's chicken broth in this but that's okay right? Cows' udders will explode if you don't milk them. I can't be vegan because I don't have the right blood type. It's so funny that you're vegan but still eat French fries. You're vegan? I thought vegans were supposed to be skinny. Vegans are so sickly and skinny. Soy milk is unnatural. Plants are living things too. I could never be vegan, eating good food is too important to me. Almond milk contributes to the california water crisis. I like vegans and agree with their reasoning but I just can't stop eating meat. No homo. That looks disgusting and does not make me want to eat vegan. You just had to give the obligatory "I am a vegan", didn't you? Personally, I like farm animals way to much not to own them. A life without my chickens and sheep is not a life I want. I only knowingly know 3 vegans and all are morbidly obese. I don't care how many times you guys get on the front page of all, or if you use archer to further your agenda. I will never become a vegan, no matter how much of a hive mind that I have. So, is this bullshit or do you people really eat sticks. When North Koreans have a better dietary intake than you, it's time to reconsider your life choices. That looks like being vegan sucks. I don't eat meat myself but I would never call myself a vegan for this very reason. Seems like this community is very divisive. Eating eggs is actually ok, just be responsible with where you get them essentially. Why can't vegans and meat eaters just leave each other alone? There's one vegan in my area that's just so over zealous about it. What vegans don't realize is that people don't think about them at all. If it wasn't for their endless rambling they would be left alone. I understand your self-righteous cause to save the poor animals and their feelings, but we're not buying it. Its nice that you can eat a balanced diet of plants, seeds, beans and nuts today and live a healthy lifestyle. But don't forget that you should be thanking your meat-eating ancestors for this luxury, not chastising them. Vegan logic lol. I eat meat everyday, and I've had meat experiences that far surpass previous meat experiences of the same meat. There's a million different ways to prepare meat, so yes, you may truly not know what you're missing. So are vegans against human breast milk? Still not as annoying as every vegan telling me about veganism unsolicited, every chance they get. If you guys can preach being a vegan, we can offer you to try some meat. Red meat does not have any effect on cholesterol. No need to spread misinformation. Animal protein contains a more complete range of the essential amino acids and is therefore considered healthy high quality protein, much higher quality than you find in vegetables which is why not getting your daily value of Lysine is a major problem for many vegans. Stop spreading misinformation. It makes you look stupid and it does all vegans a disservice. I guess you don't believe in evolution. I hate bacon but love turkey bacon. You not eating meat actually doesn't change much. Other than the vegan community the rest of the world eats meat. Seems kinda cruel to force your dietary morals on your kid. It's not like cows are human beings. He's not a real man if he's vegan. Real men aren't vegan. I fucking love meat so much. I hate the idea of animals suffering needlessly but at the same time I can honestly say I don't care enough not to eat them. All it's really going to do is eat some grass and shit a bunch. We don't actually care why you're vegan. Go be vegan that's great. Just don't talk to me about it. I'd say earth could benefit from more atherosclerosis. I would guarantee that oil rigs, transportation, textile factories, and explosion of dense population centers based off of said things is far more harmful than a cow or chicken farm. Vegans don't change shit about the food industry plain and simple. It's just as bad as a religious person trying to force their views on someone who doesn't agree with them. Just let people choose how they want to live. My cousin is a vegan who used to be very pushy about it to other people. Some people like eating meat, you aren't superior to them. But the only legitimate reason for a vegan diet is medical. It's not healthy to eat only vegan. I eat meat and it's awesome. Eating animal products isn't animal cruelty. Milking cows helps relieve pressure and reduces pain. Un-fertilized chicken eggs are literally doing no harm to the chicken. Sure those big chicken farms are bullshit and should be shut down. But normal farms are fine. Meat is awesome. Was it really appropriate to butt into some strangers just to let them know you're a vegan? Hey look you can be as vegan as you please, but nothing brings me more displeasure than someone drinking a clearly inferior substitute to milk. I thought being a vegan meant eating different, healtier types of food, not objectively worse versions of what you choose not to eat. You make it seem being vegan is something to brag about and the lack of animal products consumed somehow gives you bragging rights. Human life is more valuable than an animal's life.im pretty sure i know the mentality of the majority, maybe it is your vegan bias. vegan shrimp is a bridge too far like if you replace meat with vegan milk/cheese etc that shit expensive af, id be surprised if you break even. oooh i care about animals so much, but i dont give af about buying trainers made by some 10yo kid. oh ok. well, i'm completing the chicken's lifecycle vegans are cult-like sure, nothing wrong with chicken broth here we go with the ominous doomsday naysaying vegan is akin to commie can .vegan just look for lines with ‘vegan’ in them or something 