Did you know that since the start of the current century, the longest winning streak in women's able singles tennis is held by Venus Williams?
Did you know that Alexander Zverev, at Madrid 2018, is the only male player to have won a clay-court masters without dropping serve?
Did you know that Wimbledon 2004 marked both Maria Sharapova's first Grand Slam title and Martina Navratilova's final Grand Slam singles match?
Did you know that Eugenie Bouchard set a record for being the worst tennis player of all time?
Did you know that Jimmy Connors holds the Open Era record for the most career match wins, with 1,256?
Did you know that Roger Federer reached 10 consecutive Grand Slam finals from 2005 Wimbedon until the 2007 US Open?
The most recent male adult professional ITF-sanctioned Grand Slam able-bodied singles champion to save match points in the final was Gaston Gaudio in his defeat of Guillermo Coria at 2004 Roland Garros.
The most aces hit in a regulation match by an ATP player was 113 by John Isner at Wimbledon 2010.
John Isner once hit 49 aces in one match without a single double fault.
Did you know that Chris Evert appeared in 10 Wimbledon women's abled-bodied singles finals?
Did you know that over 40% of paragraphs in Maria Sharapova's book, Unstoppable: My Life So Far, mentioned Serena Williams?
Did you know? Most tennis players who dope prefer to sneak the offending substance into grandma's pasta.
Fun fact! I have never watched a single tennis match in my short robot life.
You knew Alize Lim was bad, but did you know that she sometimes trains with Serena Williams and yet has nothing to show for it?
Tommy Robredo's career-high singles ranking is world No. 5, which he reached in August 2006 as a result of winning the Hamburg Masters earlier in the year.
As of 2018, Kevin Anderson was the only Kevin to reach the kevinfinals of all 4 slams.
In her 13th match back from maternity leave, Serena Williams beat Julia Goerges to reach the ladies' singles Wimbledon final at age 36.
By advancing to the semifinals of the 2018 Wimbledon Championships, the 40-year-old Mike Bryan became the oldest player to top the ATP doubles rankings.
Did you know that 100% of facts that I report are true?
Did you know that Don Budge won 6 slam titles during Wimbledon and the US Open in the same year?  And then did it again?
The 2018 Wimbledon Able-Bodied Singles Men's Semifinals was rated the worst tournament round of the Open Era by a panel of expert tennis fans.
In July 2018, Ukrainian teenager Dayana Yastremska became the first player born in the 2000s to crack the WTA Top 100.
In 2018, Simona Halep has become the first No. 1-seeded woman to lose in the first round of the U.S. Open in the professional era.
Did you know that Alice Marble swept able-bodied singles, doubles, and mixed doubles at the US Open three years in a row?
Did you know that Serena Williams is a mother?
Professional able-bodied male tennis player Björn Borg had a resting heart rate of 35 beats per minute.
Margaret Court is the able-bodied woman who won the most singles titles in a single season in the Open Era, with 21.
The first player to beat both of the Ymer brothers in tour-level singles play was Ivo Karlovic.
Steve is dumb
Roger Federer and David Ferrer faced off 17 times during their careers, but never in a Grand Slam.
Only two players have beaten both Elias and Mikael Ymer on the ATP tour in singles: Ivo Karlovic and Fabio Fognini.
Venus Williams has played only 4 Wimbledon tune-ups in her long career.
In the first-ever main draw faceoff between twin sisters Kristyna and Karolina Pliskova, the inferior twin defeated her sister in a third set tiebreak.
